# 202405240023 to-that-girl-in-office
===
tags: #anxiety
===

Sis,

I am a very anxious person when it comes to forming close
friendship/relationship, you maybe surprised to hear that. I keep a lot of
people away. I can even bet, the friend who knows me the longest 15 years,
doesn't really know me. I didn't know I was anxious, but the friend who handed
you this helped me out. It was important cause now I know, which means I can
change it.

There are like 8 different things i'm anxious about. I can't really do
anything about 7 of them, but I can at least write something to you. Lack of
information drives anxiety crazy, so here's hoping that it clears mine as well
as yours [Ofcourse I'm assuming]

I'm writing this the second time, I don't like you that way either (I am
actually dating someone since before my Japan trip). I was quite happy when
you said no. But for some goddamn reason, I care about you. I can't explain
it. It could be because I waited for a long time to meet someone like me, I
kinda wished it, and it just happens to be you. But there is no reason why I
should feel that, I don't even know you, if you think about it.

And you weren't supposed to know about the drunk message. It was supposed to
be personal, but I was drunk. I was about to delete it, but by then you read
the message already :(. Since you have already, I'll share a bit more.

My mom's blind, and I am not looking forward to handling this large anxiety of
mine. I won't share anymore about my mom. It took a while to realize and come
forward out of sadness. When I joined Bdance, I was recovering, but I was
missing fun. You showed me that life's still worth enjoying. I'm going to be
eternally grateful for that. That's what I meant by the message. In a
non-romantic platonic way, you showed me the strength to continue. So, thank
you!

Anyway, what now? I don't know. I hope you read this message before your Japan
trip, as while I was there my anxiety reduced. I wanted to write this when I
was about to leave (planning in a couple of months time), but I'm doing this
now so that hopefully, I reform the friendship before then.

You don't have to do say anything, I think it's hard for you. If you just ask
me for kopi like you used to, I will know that things are okay. Maybe someday
bouldering even. But know this eitherway, I don't think I can stop this caring
for you and will probably continue to care. You can find me if you need
anything too, as long as you feel comfortable to do so.

Btw, I finished the last episode of OneDay, it hit the spot right in the midst
of sweet depression. Very good suggestion as usual. 

Bro.

P.S. This was hard to write and my 3rd re-write, i don't vulnerably express my
things even though you see me chatting with a lot of people.
